feat: add Secrets Store CSI Driver integration page (#13638)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/esc/integrations/kubernetes/secret-store-csi-driver.md

---
title: Secrets Store CSI Driver

> title_tag: Integrate with Secrets Store CSI Driver | Pulumi ESC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title_tag: Integrate with Kubernetes Secrets Store CSI Driver | Pulumi ESC
```

> h1: "Pulumi ESC: Integrate with Secrets Store CSI Driver"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
h1: "Pulumi ESC Integration with the Kubernetes Secrets Store CSI Driver"
```
